now before we explore exactly why this
compiler error is happening let's talk a
little bit about our a math class so the
array map is one of many possible ways
to implement a map and we'll see after
project two other better ways but for
now we're keeping it very simple with an
array so the basic idea here is to use
an array as the core data structure and
to anytime we need to add a new key
value pair put them both at the end of
an array in the same position so each
key always goes with the value in the
corresponding position and the other all
right so whenever we do put K V for
example we just find K or the key and if
that key is not in the list we'll put
them both at the end of the array
and if they're not negative then what
we'll do is notice that the index is not
negative that means the key is there and
we set the value as we saw so we add the
put method which we wrote get contains
key and keys not gonna go over those
again but the one thing I do want to say
about terminology just ever so briefly
is that when we actually create our
class and we had to find it
we have appear what are known as
sometimes generic type variables so at
the time that you and I were writing
this code we don't know if somebody's
gonna make a map from integers to string
strings to strings dogs to horses
whatever and we just use K and B and the
special notation lets us treat the type
itself is a kind of variable and then
when we instantiate one of these things
we provide what are sometimes called
actual type arguments so that
essentially now this whole thing gets
treated like and this that K was integer
and B was string all along okay now
again I guess I should mention a briefly
in Java 8 or later you can actually omit
this bit over here and it will infer it
automatically from the declaration of a
variable and you can only use that of
course when you're declaring a variable
ok so this brings us to that error that
we were interested in so in this case
this is the command line version of the
same error I mean it's this thing here
and it's that there's an ambiguous
method call so what Java is saying is I
don't know if you meant assert equals
long long or assert equals object object
now that might seem a little strange
because if you look it's actually in
integer so it's like how did we get to
long our object but fundamentally the
issue is if we look at the j-unit source
code which I can't seem to get another
window you can see now there we go
so we do grap code assert equals J unit
which I've done earlier then you can see
this is the code that actually is J unit
itself so you can browse it if you want
let me can see there's a bunch of
different us or equals methods for
example assert equals object object we
have assert equals long long assert
equals double double and so forth and so
with the cotton Java compiler is
complaining about here is that it
doesn't know it does not know which one
we meet so how is that possible I'd like
you to think about this a little on your
own I think what automatic conversions
do we need to get from int integer
that's what we had here right assert
equals expected that's an int and am get
to that returns a capital I integer so
if we did some set of automatic
conversions what would we need to get to
or do to get from int integer to long
long and I'll let you think about this
for a few seconds okay so hopefully you
paused and thought about it so there's a
bunch of possibilities here and the
first question is how do we get from int
to long well in this case all we need to
do is you the white up so to get from
int to long
we just need to whiten expected in this
case it's a long down here to get from
am get to from integer to long in this
case we have an integer that's a wrapped
up so we need to first unwrap it and
then we need to widen it to make it into
a long so in total we can think of it as
there's three different steps that
happen yeah that's one one way to
imagine it so we know the given Java's
automatic conversion system you can get
from integer to long long now the actual
rules about how many conversions you can
do at once it's a little complicated
actually and it's not part of the class
so you can try experimenting on your own
later if you'd like but that's just to
let you know there wait there exists in
this case a way to get from int integer
long long now the ambiguous call if we
look at what the
intelligent compiler was telling us it
said it's also possible apparently to
get the object object so question for
you here is to consider what automatic
conversions do we need to get to do to
get from int integer to object object so
I'll let you think about that you can
pause me I'll spoil it okay so what
happens in this case is to get from int
to object we need to box up into integer
and then we have integer integer and an
integer is an object so arguably we're
done then we just have integer integer
and an integer is an object so we're
totally done so it's only one conversion
now it kind of depends on whether or not
you count the conversion from integer to
object if we actually look at the Java
specification they consider moving from
integer to object a conversion but I I
personally find that term a little
confusing because nothing happens at
runtime so when you go from in to
integer you actually get a runtime
change you originally just have 32 bits
and now you have 96 bits it's like a
totally different arrangement of bits
going from integer to object though
there's nothing that happens at runtime
so I don't really consider it a
conversion but maybe the designers of
Java disagree so what I would say is
that even though this is easier than
three-step process needed to get to
assert equals long-long it's still
ambiguous and this job Jabba won't even
let this code compile because it doesn't
know what you mean because there's two
different conversions that are about
allowable so why do I bring this up
right it seems like I'm alluding to
things that are complicated I'm arguing
with the Java language designers about
what constitutes a conversion and
probably you're getting a little nervous
probably you're imagining some hellish
mid-term problem or something but I'm
not going to subject you to that I just
the type system in Java I want us to
work for us and I don't want to suffer
so I will avoid giving you totally
obscure typing problems in the future
because that's something you can always
deal with with a compiler however I
think it's important that we see this
because it will likely come up with your
project too because you're gonna try and
assert equal some things and run into
weird issues so how do we actually get
this code to compile so what I'd like
you to do now is come up with a cast so
that there are there's no ambiguity and
the way it'll work is you want it so
that there's an automatic exam
to match and there's no need for any
runtime conversions and then need for
any weird changes to happen it's a
tricky question but really try to think
that so trying to figure out something
with is a zero step conversion so one
possibility is I want it to go straight
to object object and so I could do that
by forcing this on the left to be an
object so by casting this to integer I
can head off our type system and I now
have a perfectly lovely thing and it
will call the object object version and
then when we run this hopefully we'll
find that it correctly runs the test
actually I need to do a remap run the
tests and r1 test passes okay cuz I r1
test passes great and so there are other
answers you could try and do you can do
the other way can try and cast it so you
actually call the long long version and
exercise for the reader